h2. nova-solo

nova-solo is an automated way to get a working "Openstack Nova":http://nova.openstack.org development setup working on a single machine, quickly, using "Chef.":http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Home

h2. Acknowledgements

This project inspired and partly derived from Cloudscaling's "swift-solo":http://github.com/cloudscaling/swift-solo.Also thanks go to "Krzysztof Wilczynski":http://twitter.com/kwilczynski for his help with obscure apt-get/dpkg options.

h2. Notes

I have installed this inside a Ubuntu 10.04 virtual machine. You can read how to configure your "Ubuntu laptop to run KVM":http://vuksan.com/blog/2010/03/11/building-redhat-centos-kvm-images/. Most Nova pieces install and run however things are not working quite right yet ie. you can upload images into a bucket but can't register them. Also Object Server crashes when run as a daemon yet works when it's running in the foreground. Granted packages that are used are a bit old (early July). I will try to build my own packages shortly. Hopefully this fixes some of the issues. This is work in progress.

h2. Setup

* Ubuntu 10.04 (others may work)
* Chef 0.9.X - Please read "Add the Opscode APT Repository":http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Package+Installation+on+Debian+and+Ubuntu
* Git (apt-get install git-core)

h2. Execution

The *nova-install* script will start chef-solo. Currently this relies on "Soren Hansen":https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SorenHansen Launchpad repository ie. most of the packages are downloaded from Launchpad e.g. nova-compute, nova-api etc.


h2. Overview

More later ....

h2. Chef Recipes

chef-solo does the heavy lifting. 

*nova::default:*
setup the base environment

h2. License

Apache 2

Copyright 2010, Vladimir Vuksan
